# RISK AND DISCLAIMER

<aside>
💡   [HEX—> Animated Feature Film](../HEX%E2%80%94%20Animated%20Feature%20Film%20fa053ecef00347c29d30b490984801bc.md)

</aside>

The information in this document is subject to change or update and should not be construed as a commitment, promise or guarantee by any other individual or organisation mentioned in this document relating to the future availability of services.

The document does not constitute an offer or solicitation to sell shares or securities. It does not constitute or form part of and should not be construed as any offer for sale or subscription of or any invitation to buy or subscribe for any securities not should it or any part of it form the basis of or be relied upon in any connection with any contract or commitment whatsoever. Path Integral expressly disclaims any and all responsibility for any direct or consequential loss or damage of any kind whatsoever arising directly or indirectly from reliance on any information contained in the white paper, any error, omission or inaccuracy in any such information or any action resulting therefrom.

This is not a recommendation to buy or financial advice, It is strictly informational. Do not trade or invest in any tokens, companies or entities based solely upon this information. Any investment involves substantial risks, including, but not limited to, pricing volatility, inadequate liquidity, and the potential complete loss of principal. Investors should conduct independent due diligence, with assistance from professional financial, legal and tax experts, on topics discussed in this document and develop a stand- alone judgment of the relevant markets prior to making any investment decision.

We have prepared all information herein from sources we believe to be accurate and reliable. However, such information is presented “as is,” without warranty of any kind – whether expressed or implied. All market prices, data and other information are not warranted as to completeness or accuracy, are based upon selected public market data, reflect prevailing conditions, and our view as of this date, all of which are accordingly subject to change without notice. The graphs, charts and other visual aids are provided for informational purposes only. None of these graphs, charts or visual aids can and of themselves be used to make investment decisions. No representation is made that these will assist any person in making investment decisions and no graph, chart or other visual aid can capture all factors and variables required in making such decisions.

The information contained in this document may include, or incorporate by reference, forward-looking statements, which would include any statements that are not statements of historical fact. No representations or warranties are made as to the accuracy of such forward-looking statements. Any projections, forecasts and estimates contained in this document are necessarily speculative in nature and are based upon certain assumptions. These forward-looking statements may turn out to be wrong and can be affected by inaccurate assumptions or by known or unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, most of which are beyond control. It can be expected that some or all of such forward-looking assumptions will not materialize or could vary significantly from actual expectations.

`©2023-24 PATH INTEGRAL INC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.`